This School Main Process. 

Students can register to the School.
The School will register that student to their current Grade. 
Each Grade can have the same subjects or different subjects.
The most important thing is to have more than one teacher teaching the same subjects in the same Grade.
Also, those teachers can charge different fees for the same subject.
When students register for their Grade, they have to pay the Admission Fee and Monthly Fee(total subjects fees)
Each Grade can have the same Admission Fee or different Admission Fees.
After the first month’s payments, students have to pay a Monthly Fee(total subjects fees) every month. 
When Students complete their payments, the School will give them an invoice for that particular payment.
The student can select their favorite teacher that teaches each subject. 
Students can decide their teacher, maybe each teacher’s subject fee or talents. 
When the new year comes, schools have to manually upgrade the students to new grades because the new Grade can have different subjects, teachers, and subject fees.
Same as the student registration process. 
Students have to pay the new grade Admission fee too.
      2. The School will pay the salary for the teachers every month.

Here is how to calculate the teacher salary. (Subject Fee * Student Count) – Classroom Fee.
The School will give them an invoice for that particular payment.
     3. This School has only one Admin.

So this System can’t create more than one admin account.
When you first run this School Management System in PHP, first you have to create the Admin account.
After creating the Admin account, This School Management System will automatically hide the Admin signup link.
The Admin can add the Students and Teachers to the System. 
After that, this School Management System will generate the Students’ and Teachers’ user accounts. 
Their email address will be the user name, and they all have a default password. That is 12345.
After Teachers and Students log in to their accounts, they can change their password as they wish.
Features
Multi Login
Student Management.
Teacher Management.
Salary Management
Payment Management
Toaster Alert
Print Invoice
Chart JS
Form Validation(empty value, phone format, email format, file type, file size, duplicate values)
Requirements
PHP 5.5
MYSQL 4.6
Text Editor Software
Instructions
Create new database on the PHPMyAdmin and give any name. Then import the std_db.sql.
Upload std folder to the your root folder.
Edit this file.  (controller/config.php)
$servername = “localhost”;
$username   = “root”;
$password   = “”;
$dbname     = “std_db”;

Give your server user name, password and database name.